Add huggingface-zerogpu skill (#138)
huggingface/skills: agents/AGENTS.md

huggingface-trackio: `Track and visualize ML training experiments with Trackio. Use when logging metrics during training (Python API), firing alerts for training diagnostics, or retrieving/analyzing logged metrics (CLI). Supports real-time dashboard visualization, alerts with webhooks, HF Space syncing, and JSON output for automation.`
huggingface-vision-trainer: `Trains and fine-tunes vision models for object detection (D-FINE, RT-DETR v2, DETR, YOLOS), image classification (timm models — MobileNetV3, MobileViT, ResNet, ViT/DINOv3 — plus any Transformers classifier), and SAM/SAM2 segmentation using Hugging Face Transformers on Hugging Face Jobs cloud GPUs. Covers COCO-format dataset preparation, Albumentations augmentation, mAP/mAR evaluation, accuracy metrics, SAM segmentation with bbox/point prompts, DiceCE loss, hardware selection, cost estimation, Trackio monitoring, and Hub persistence. Use when users mention training object detection, image classification, SAM, SAM2, segmentation, image matting, DETR, D-FINE, RT-DETR, ViT, timm, MobileNet, ResNet, bounding box models, or fine-tuning vision models on Hugging Face Jobs.`

> huggingface-zerogpu: `Coding rules for Gradio Spaces using Hugging Face Spaces ZeroGPU hardware. Use when writing or reviewing code that uses `@spaces.GPU`, configuring `python_version` or `requirements.txt` for a ZeroGPU Space, or handling ZeroGPU-specific code constraints — pickle-based process isolation, `gr.State` semantics across the worker boundary, no `torch.compile` (use AoTI instead), CUDA wheel-only builds (no `nvcc` at build or runtime), large vs xlarge sizing, and dynamic duration callables. Make sure to use this skill whenever the user mentions ZeroGPU, `@spaces.GPU`, or the `spaces` Python package, or hits ZeroGPU-specific code errors like `PicklingError` across the worker boundary, `illegal duration`, or `flash-attn` wheel-build failures — even when the user does not explicitly ask for ZeroGPU coding guidance. Trigger on `import spaces` or `@spaces.GPU` in code.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
huggingface-zerogpu: `AI demos and GPU compute with Gradio Spaces and Hugging Face Spaces ZeroGPU. Use when writing or reviewing code that uses `@spaces.GPU`, configuring `python_version` or `requirements.txt` for a ZeroGPU Space, or handling ZeroGPU-specific code constraints — pickle-based process isolation, `gr.State` semantics across the worker boundary, no `torch.compile` (use AoTI instead), CUDA wheel-only builds (no `nvcc` at build or runtime), large vs xlarge sizing, and dynamic duration callables. Make sure to use this skill whenever the user mentions ZeroGPU, `@spaces.GPU`, or the `spaces` Python package, or hits ZeroGPU-specific code errors like `PicklingError` across the worker boundary, `illegal duration`, or `flash-attn` wheel-build failures — even when the user does not explicitly ask for ZeroGPU coding guidance. Trigger on `import spaces` or `@spaces.GPU` in code.`
```
